1. C:
C is a general-purpose programming language. C is developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969
and 1973 at AT&T Bell Labs. C is one of the most widely used programming languages
of all time, and C compilers are available for the majority of available computer architectures
and operating systems. C is the father of all C based languages (C++, C#, etc).
The main differences between the two is that C# is object-oriented language while
C is structed language. C# is used to develop Windows applications, web sites, services, etc,
while C is consider to be a low-level language and it is used to develop OS's, firmware, etc.

2. PHP:
PHP is script language. That means it compile every time (on the fly) when you run the
program that is writen on it. It is consider to be a web application language. Used to write
web sites applications. The sintax is similar to C#, because both PHP and C# are based on C.
They have object-oriented programming functionality (in PHP this is added in version 3 and above,
while C# is object-oriented from its start).

3. Java:
Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented,
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
Java applications runs on virtual machine - Java Virtual Machine (JVM) which can run on
wide variety of platforms.
Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly
typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or
runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages"
like C and C++.

4. JavaScript:
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is used as part of web browsers, that
means JavaScript cannot be used without web browser.
JavaScript is similar to C# where came to sintax, and it is also support object-oriented model like
C#. While JavaScript is used for web application a.k.a websites, it 'lives' inside a browser.
The browser understand it, and make it to work, while C# is compiled language, which means
when you compile it once, it can be run on every supported platform. And it is used to
program any kind of applications.

5. Visual Basic .NET:
C# and VB.NET are syntactically very different languages. C# syntax is based on the core
C programming language while Visual Basic .NET is based on the BASIC language.
They compile to the same intermediate language, which runs against the same .NET Framework
runtime libraries.